>> Bianca: Well, I'm going to now
talk about our third prompts.
So we're gonna take the solution from this
then we're gonna build on it a little bit
more.
>> Bianca: So
we're gonna make our memo
function more generic.
And let's take a look.
So previously, we were either referencing
the function outside of the scope,
the times10 function outside of the scope.
We were calling times10 n inside
the body of our function.
And a second example,
we just did the work directly inside
of the function, we said 10 times n.
In this case, we want to enable
this function to take any function
as a callback, and that is going to be
the function that calculates a result.
So whatever this callback calculates
with some value and/or could
be multiple depending on how you wanna do
it but we can stick with one parameter.
It's a little bit simpler
to get started with.
But you can also make it marginal and
it can pass many arguments.
So essentially, we need to use a closure.
Again, we're gonna return a function.
And in that step where we're
calculating the result,
that's where we're gonna
call our callback,
which is just a generic function that's
gonna do some calculation for us.
In our case,
our callback is just gonna be the times10.
But you could imagine that
it could be really anything.
>> Bianca: Any questions?
I feel like there's questions.
>> Bianca: Okay,
so let's take a look
at the other solution.
And we can talk about.
>> Bianca: So
our solution, here, so
our very first solution,
we are referencing
the times10 function in here.
But it's looking up in the parent
scope and it's grabbing it.
So it's like grabbing out, right?
We don't like to do that too much,
similarly with the cache.
Outside of those scope we're
reaching out of our function.
We wanna tidy it up a little bit.
So what do we do?
We're gonna move our cache
inside of our function.
So we did that last time.
We did something a little bit different.
We could still, for
the sake of consistency,
we could still reference this outside.
So the next step is how do
we make this generic, so
that instead of always doing
times10 we could do times11, right?
Being passed in as an argument,
>> Bianca: Up here.
So you pass something here, and I call
it CB for call back, call back is just
a function that is passed into a function
then called inside of that function.
And so we need to figure out how to
make this little more generic using
callback versus using our times10
function that lives outside.